# pinger
Ping statistics to be used with dwmblocks (dwm status bar). The idea behind this is to evaluate how many packages are lost in periods defined by the user and show that information in a easy way to view it.
For example, this could be used to see the percentage of package loss over the last 30 and 300 seconds. Further details of each script and how to use it below.

pinger.sh:
This bash script just pings the address in the variable IP and store the result in the variable named log.
Since this is script is meant to be constantly working, it will be locked in a never ending while loop, inside that loop it will ping the IP, store the result in the variable "result", then store the reply (if there was) in the "reply" variable.
If the reply is empty it will insert and empty line in the log, else it will store the reply in the log and it will calculate how long to sleep based on the time it took to get the ping reply (always attemping to sleep for approx 1 second).

pinger_stats.sh:
This script will check the log generated by the pinger.sh and provide a percentage of package lost over the n seconds provided in the argument. The user can type any amount of seconds it wants (e.g. 10, 20, 30 and 60 seconds), the script will provide the result of all those times.

Important Notes: The script will clear the log file based of the double amount of the last argument provided, so if the script is executed as "./pinger_stats.sh 10 20" it will clear everething after the last 40 seconds. There is NO reordering of the arguments provided, so ideally the arguments should be used on ascending order.
Also there is no error checking on part of the user argument, meaning if it is send something other than numbers as argument unexpected errors can occur.
This does not run on an infinte loop because it was created to be applied in the dwmblocks (dwm status bar) where it will be defined the frequency it should run.
